# BookStore

## Table of Contents
- [Project Overview](#project-overview)
- [Features](#features)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Project Structure](#project-structure)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Contact](#contact)

## Project Overview
Coreys Knick Knacks (CKK) is a ficticious shop that was used as a capstone project to learn C# / dotnet. 
This project includes TWO types of applications:
- Inventory Management Software built to run on a Windows Machine.
- Blazor Web App as a consumer/client facing product.

## Features
- CKK is an all out entreprise-grade software set for running Coreys Business.
- Inventory management tool for windows machines.
- Feature 2
- Feature 3

## Technologies Used
- C#
- Blazor
- XAML
- WPF
- Repository Pattern
- Dapper
- MS SQL Server

## Project Structure

### API

Configurations

Data
- Base classes that define each object properties
- Where DbContext is held

Migrations
- Changes to database

Models
- Holds DTO's generated by NSwag

Static
- Error messages

## Installation
### Prerequisites
- Ensure you have `Software X` installed.

### Steps
1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repository.git
    ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
    ```bash
    cd your-repository
    ```
3. Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```
4. Run the project:
    ```bash
    npm start
    ```

## Usage
Provide a step-by-step guide on how to use the project. Include examples or screenshots if needed.

```bash
# Example command
npm run example-command
```
## Contributing
1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch:
    ```bash
    git checkout -b feature-branch
    ```
3. Make your changes and commit them:
    ```bash
    git commit -m "Add new feature"
    ```
4. Push to the branch:
    ```bash
    git push origin feature-branch
    ```
5. Submit a pull request.

## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Contact
- Email: your.email@example.com
- GitHub: [your-username](https://github.com/your-username)

